Refactor/move path to hdi (#2980)
holochain/holochain: crates/hdi/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - Add types for hash paths (migrated from hdk crate) and include in prelude: Anchor, Path, Component, TypedPath

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Migrate types for hash paths from hdk crate and include in prelude: Anchor, Path, Component, TypedPath
```
